Docs 1826 restart impaired vs unresponsive workers hn (#234)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/troubleshooting.adoc

:keywords: cloudhub, managing, monitoring, troubleshooting, runtime manager, arm, applications, servers

image:logo-cloud-active.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="CloudHub"]
image:logo-hybrid-active.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="Hybrid"]
image:logo-server-active.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="Anypoint Platform Private Cloud Edition"]
image:logo-rtf-disabled.png[link="/runtime-fabric/deploy-to-runtime-fabric", title="Runtime Fabric"]

> If you experience problems with your deployed apps, Runtime Manager provides several tools that can help you determine the root cause.

Reviewer: Do we need "root"?

> Depending on your deployment strategy, there is a different set of possible troubleshooting resources available. 

Reviewer: More direct alterative:
```suggestion
The troubleshooting resources available to you depend on your deployment strategy. 
```

> See xref:monitoring.adoc[Monitoring] for details on the monitoring tools of the Runtime Manager, which can also be of help you diagnose an issue.

Reviewer: Do we really want to follow a statement about troubleshooting with what amounts to an aside about monitoring?

== Troubleshooting Applications

> You can access information about applications using the following tools:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access information to help you troubleshoot applications using the following tools:
```

* xref:insight.adoc[Insight]
image:logo-cloud-active.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="CloudHub"]
image:logo-hybrid-active.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="Hybrid"]
image:logo-server-disabled.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="Anypoint Platform Private Cloud Edition"]
image:logo-rtf-disabled.png[link="/runtime-fabric/deploy-to-runtime-fabric", title="Runtime Fabric"]
+

> Access a dashboard with key metrics, see events at an individual transaction level of detail.

Reviewer: For parallelism
```suggestion
You can access a dashboard with key metrics and see events at an individual transaction level of detail.
```

image:logo-cloud-active.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="CloudHub"]
image:logo-hybrid-active.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="Hybrid"]
image:logo-server-active.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="Anypoint Platform Private Cloud Edition"]
image:logo-rtf-active.png[link="/runtime-fabric/deploy-to-runtime-fabric", title="Runtime Fabric"]
+
Using API functional monitoring, you can automate testing and generate reports to verify API functionality and validate the results that the API generates. You can monitor APIs at each stage of the software development life cycle and in production.

* xref:viewing-log-data.adoc[View application log data]
image:logo-cloud-active.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="CloudHub"]
image:logo-hybrid-disabled.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="Hybrid"]
image:logo-server-disabled.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="Anypoint Platform Private Cloud Edition"]
image:logo-rtf-disabled.png[link="/runtime-fabric/deploy-to-runtime-fabric", title="Runtime Fabric"]
+

> Access a log of events occurring to your application and the servers or CloudHub workers they run on.

Reviewer: parallelism
```suggestion
You can access a log of events occurring to your application and the servers or CloudHub workers they run on.
```

> For applications deployed to your own servers, you can export log data to third party software to view there. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For applications deployed to your own servers, you can export log data to third-party software to view there. 
```

== Troubleshooting Servers

image:logo-cloud-disabled.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="CloudHub"]
image:logo-hybrid-active.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="Hybrid"]
image:logo-server-active.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="Anypoint Platform Private Cloud Edition"]
image:logo-rtf-disabled.png[link="/runtime-fabric/deploy-to-runtime-fabric", title="Runtime Fabric"]

> With applications deployed to your own servers, you can access information through the following tools:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With applications deployed to your own servers, you can access information to help you troubleshoot them through the following tools:
```
